DateBox: Update Overview (#8017)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DateBox/01 Overview/00 Overview.md

> DateBox is a UI component that enables users enter or modify date and time values. The component ships with three entry modes that eliminate the need for separate date, time, and date/time selection components. DateBox supports date and time entry through built-in dropdown pickers, as well as in the component text field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DateBox is a UI component that allows users to enter or modify date and time values. The component ships with three entry modes that eliminate the need for separate date, time, and date/time selection components. DateBox supports date and time entry through built-in dropdown pickers, as well as in the component text field.
```
